Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hi. Did you check into virtual clinic.
Robert hammond: Yeah, I checked in, like, a long time ago.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, our appointment was four.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Five o'clock.
Robert hammond: Right. I've been. I've been on since
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I logged on and I have not seen you. Okay.
Robert hammond: I was gonna say, I've been on the on the old for like a couple hours.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, and no one notified me that came into my meeting room. I've had this I'll keep going back and forth and nothing
Robert hammond: Because I checked in with virtual clinic. I told him that I didn't do my bam, because I'm going to be boring somebody else's phone
Robert hammond: So I was gonna do my bad when I got back to my house where I got Wi Fi.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Ridiculous that they didn't notify me
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How are you
Robert hammond: Pretty good still working.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, sorry for the way I mean I've had sessions, back to back, and no one showed up. I keep checking my meeting room and nothing
Robert hammond: That's weird, because I was, I was born here, I've been waiting
Robert hammond: My friends was even saying she's been waiting forever. Oh.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wow, you don't have my email, Robert.
Robert hammond: I do not
Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If that ever happens again if you could send me an email.
Robert hammond: Real quick.
Robert hammond: Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So it is a j
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Daley B as in Boy ei, ei, ei Pierre, he hasn't Paul I E R E at right parts health
Robert hammond: Powers. He or he
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Great heart health dot o RG
Robert hammond: sorry.com.com or.com
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Jay daily at bright heart health.com
Robert hammond: Second,
Robert hammond: Let's begin auto correct
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm going to send you an email I email you every now and then never get any response is your email, Robert Hammond nights and 78 at gmail.com
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right. Okay, so I'm going to email you see you have my contact information.
Okay.
Robert hammond: Okay, got it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have you been
Robert hammond: You've been working a lot show
Robert hammond: Job now that I
Robert hammond: Can figure out how to trim some trees that are like over 100 feet tall.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I didn't know that was the extent of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It landscape camping or it's
Just about everything.
Robert hammond: Again, today I was helping somebody that got her window broken in. I'll tell them they're making a window.
Robert hammond: And she was on her.
So,
Robert hammond: For trash bag and stuff.
Yeah.
Robert hammond: I got so excited about bringing in this in this crap.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yeah. But the fact that it will still make some income during this time is good because there's a lot of people that don't have that experience.
Robert hammond: Right.
Robert hammond: And I'm wondering now everybody's doing it because the team is struggling, even with money coming in. Oh.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, yeah, very hard.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: A video that I wanted to show we started to see so off. I'm just, I was really thinking I was gonna log off because I say I guess all my patients stood me up and you were here, so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Figure out where the bob i
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Want to show I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Talking about emotional safety. I know in the past, we've had discussions about what relationships have look like for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, and the last time we talked, you know, we talked about what you would expect in a relationship, what you're going to require
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you use the rules of imagery about like a grocery store aisle and not just picking off whatever's left on the shelf.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But really realizing the options that you have and helping you to make wiser choices. So I watched this video and I thought it would be interesting for you to look at this is stead of always hearing from Me, you can hear it and watch it.
Your work environment feel so stressful to be come home from a meeting feeling like no one's understanding you are everyone's out to get you.
Or does your home feel like there's a lot of tension. Maybe you want your teenager to feel comfortable talking with you, but it's just not working. If any of these are the case for you. You might have a problem with emotional safety.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: creating an environment of emotional safety is essential for a productive workplace a healthy home and positive relationships.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If you feel tense or like you're being judged all the time. Or if you create an environment where people don't feel listened to, or understood
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Then your environment is not emotionally safe. Today we're going to talk about a few ways you can increase emotional safety in your environment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Emotional safety is when people feel appreciated valued worthwhile when they feel like they can trust their environment to be fair and consistent and kind
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In an emotionally safe environment people feel like they can share
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Their vulnerable and sensitive feelings without being mocked blamed or judged feedback and correction can be given in a calm safe and loving manner, people take accountability for their own actions without blame or defensiveness differences of opinion can be shared.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And also accepted, people don't feel like they have to change to be okay in emotionally safe environments. There's a feeling of honesty.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And there's a feeling of clear and safe expectations, some of the indicators of an emotionally safe environment or you feel comfortable around each other.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: People don't feel like they're going to be attacked.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There tends to be open and clear communication when someone messes up repairs are made quickly, you'll see an increase in Vulnerability and openness, where people are sharing their really sensitive feelings.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And people feel connected. Now, if you'd like to create an environment like this. You have to focus 95% of your effort on changing yourself feel we are responsible for our environment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And what we what we put out there and what we allow to come into our environment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So most of your effort should be focusing on yourself. I say this because when I talk about emotional safety. I get a lot of people say, Oh yeah, the people around me. They're so dangerous. They're so mean there's attacking there so judgmental de de de de
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And they don't realize that by saying that and thinking that they're actually creating an emotionally unsafe environment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or perhaps the people around them actually are attacking and dangerous, but they aren't taking any steps to create safety for themselves by setting healthy boundaries.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So when it comes to emotional safety focus on yourself. What can you do to create this the opposite of emotional safety is judgment blame attacking
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's a lot of closed off emotions so people use anger instead of sadness or they express frustration.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Instead of, you know, expressing that they feel discouraged some other indicators. I'm an emotionally unsafe environment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is people are constantly giving advice. Instead of listening or constantly judging someone else or trying to change them if they don't agree with them.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In emotionally unsafe environments. People feel a sense of conditional love that means well i love you if you change or I love you when you're good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But not when you're bad and that creates this constant sense of insecurity now on the receiving end of that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: People who are constantly feeling like they aren't good enough or questioning their own so forth are going to project that on other people.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that's something that needs to be worked on in order to create a feeling of emotional safety other indicators of an emotionally unsafe environment are yelling
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Threatening or obviously any physical violence that creates, you know, a completely unsafe environment defensiveness blame using voice tone or a lot of attitude.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: also contribute to negative environment, as do passive aggressive statements.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One of the most common indicators of an emotionally unsafe environment are using things like personal attacks. So instead of saying, I don't like it when you forget to do your tour. You think you are the laziest person in the world.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, attacking their character just calling them a lazy sob. The other thing that's a big indicator of emotionally unsafe environments.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is when the rules or boundaries or standards are constantly changing. People don't know what to expect.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or when there's a feeling of walking on eggshells like if you say the wrong thing, that person is going to blow up. Or if you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: If you do the wrong thing, that person is going to be offended. So those are all indicators of emotionally unsafe environments.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We can actively create an environment of emotional safety by working on ourselves, we create an environment of love.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Where we aren't trying to change other people, but rather we put our focus on trying to understand them and listen to them.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When the time comes for correction. We are consistent firm clear and fair we're honest with people.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And we share our vulnerable emotions like Sadness or hurt instead of only expressing secondary emotions like frustration and anger.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We create internal safety by building ourselves up and you know standing on offended not taking offense by what other people say.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We also got to make sure never to use the word emotional safety as a way to badger or try and change someone else so going up someone's in you're creating an emotionally unsafe environment.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is not going to be helpful if the environment is actually unsafe, then what we need to do is set boundaries around other people
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Ask for change. Invite change and when necessary leap to create emotional safety we always have to focus on what's within our own realm of control.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So we focus on changing ourselves instead of trying to change other people, if we're in an emotionally unsafe environment we're less likely to create change by asking someone else to change.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Then we are by setting clear, consistent and firm boundaries. It is fair to ask other people to change to make requests and to, you know, tell them how they're affecting you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But it is rarely fair or helpful to expect that someone change or to demand that they change in order for you to accept them.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This creates a feeling of powerless in yourself because you're demanding that someone else change in order for you to feel okay
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We can take back our emotional safety by focusing on our own actions and creating clear, firm and consistent boundaries with others. Thanks for watching. I hope that was helpful and take care
Robert hammond: eggshells and separate them.
Robert hammond: That someone told me that before.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They feel with you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right.
Robert hammond: And I never understood why
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Which relationship with this.
Robert hammond: Person was like
Robert hammond: I guess the second relationship prior to this one.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Player what what made her
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Dad, did you ask for clarification.
Robert hammond: I was asking her, but she would never tell me like it was weird to actually try to commit suicide like twice.
Robert hammond: It was all dramatic and everything so
Robert hammond: Attention.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I remember you said that on the people that were sober that you are in relationships worthy appeared more unstable. The band, the ones that were actually added
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so I'm wondering if the attics appear more stable to you because it was a commonality between you to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You all had lived experiences. So it seemed like it was an environment that you were accustomed to versus being WITH someone that was it. So, you know, what was the difference in that relationship.
As we're
Robert hammond: Not sure is. It was like the the sober ones, they were like more demanding and more needy.
Robert hammond: It was like they were more controlling and things like that, like they always had no one's
Robert hammond: Doing things like that. Like, who I'm talking
Robert hammond: Going on.
Robert hammond: Whereas the other ones were more relaxed and like you know
Robert hammond: Like it wasn't like the constant bombardment of target you are going
Robert hammond: To bed.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I could be wrong, this is just me. This is what therapists do the question and try to see all sides. So is it possible that the social relationships. You were in their question. And he said, What should proceed as control was establishing their boundaries.
Robert hammond: I don't. Sure. Because if it was like I couldn't even use the restroom like there would be peeking into the doors and stuff like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That, oh no, Robert that's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's very
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Very excessive yeah okay
Robert hammond: That's good. I was like, what am I going to pull up a chick from the toilet or something. It's like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. Yeah. Okay, that example, there's no question in that that direct example says they yeah they were definitely that person was unstable controlling apparently to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Write
Robert hammond: That was one that was a bipolar I believe
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You got it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So in the future, just thinking about, okay, your friendships. Did you set up and you feel like you're picking a manager and people always want something
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So Thomas Robert create an emotional is safe environment where people know how to treat you when you're in a space where you feel appreciated and valued.
Robert hammond: You just setting boundaries for myself, like, you know, I don't have to run to everybody's calling
Robert hammond: To do it if I if I have the chance, you know, but I'm able to
Robert hammond: Not going to push myself to do it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On their environment. Presently, where you feel that you're accepted and there's clear and safe expectation
Robert hammond: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He said, I work
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That you work independently you work for a company
Robert hammond: No, I mean, but I mean like the people I work with.
Robert hammond: Or like, I got a good relationship with them on that and so
Robert hammond: I've done more needs more jobs with other people as well, just from it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, that sounds like it's a mutually beneficial relationship because they create a safe environment for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, but because you also, in turn, created a safe environment where there's a sec. They see that you follow your work and that you're responsible variable for other people to you as well.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right.
Robert hammond: It's really nice to go there and everything.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What was that
Robert hammond: Used to Easter together and everything.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's wonderful.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's, what's your connection with them. Why do you know these people.
Robert hammond: Just from one of my other friends actually
Robert hammond: Let me know about them that they needed some work done.
Robert hammond: And that she never had anybody to actually helped her doing
Robert hammond: So he thought it would be beneficial for me to go, go check it out.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And sure enough, when I got here like there was all kinds of stuff that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The one person that continuously give you different jobs around the house and different things like that.
Robert hammond: Right, like to family members and everything so like spread so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, so I'm I'm envisioning it like you're like her head and then write
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Something that breaks anything should think, let me call Robert and then if somebody in her family or anyone else she knows as similar challenges or issues she would refer you
Robert hammond: Right, it's
Robert hammond: Just start out with a garbage disposal and then next, you know, I was doing the backyard tree trimming and all that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's awesome. That just from that one experience, you were able to get multiple opportunities to get income.
Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Did you ever. Um, I know you said you were thinking about developing your, your brand your business more so you entertainers, creating a website, what's been going on for you do business cards, how you market.
Robert hammond: Actually, it's all word of mouth right now, but I was starting to look into that development about
Robert hammond: Doing the business cards and all that.
Robert hammond: You said now everything's all closed so I'm gonna have to do it myself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Robert hammond: The name yet.
Robert hammond: But I'm still looking. I've been trying to find a place to move to another place.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To live with your father. Right.
Right.
Robert hammond: And he's getting all like weirded out with the, the whole coronavirus and all that.
Jesus
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Robert hammond: So he just going in and out and stuff.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, and it sense I get nervous to I get very nervous. With that, too. It's hard because you want to function used to make the income.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But, um, I understand the concern for certain extent, but I also see your viewpoint, you need to make income and because you're self employed beyond the income is only going to get around it, you're actually working. So I made sense.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: With the relationship with your father you consider that in the Muslim safe environment.
Robert hammond: Yeah, for the most part.
Robert hammond: Like I can, I can talk, talk to him about anything.
Robert hammond: No, but it's like
Robert hammond: At the same time, you still keep a distance and stuff.
So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How does that work, it's a safe place to live together, but you guys keep your distance. What's the reason for keeping this
Robert hammond: Right. Is it
Robert hammond: I know it's weird. It's just like we just know each other's boundaries, like we don't just get in there and you know talk and no conversation like
Robert hammond: Usually when I get home from work. I'll go in there and I'll talk to him a little bit real quick.
Robert hammond: That's about it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Primarily or see out and about as well know.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What else, what else that out for you in that video.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Were you thinking of a relationships as they talked about, you know, either what looks like an emotional safe environment versus the ones that aren't
Robert hammond: Right. I've seen about like my roles in some of them.
Robert hammond: Don't my relationships. My
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Will be your role in relationship.
Robert hammond: And so I thought, I thought I was like sometimes that'd be judgmental and stuff like that, instead of being encouraging.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Robert hammond: I know I was being an ass.
Robert hammond: Especially when I was still
Robert hammond: Still using
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Robert hammond: I got the big time.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Where do you think that came up was just the addiction that kept you in that judgmental phase or was there something else because he was. It was more of
I wasn't
Robert hammond: too concerned about what they were feeling or what they know what their thoughts were
Why they did something
Robert hammond: As I am now like I can
Robert hammond: You know,
Robert hammond: At the time to understand, you know, what is causing them to do these things and be more building with them, then just to judge him.
Robert hammond: I got more inquisitive to why they're doing something rather than just
Robert hammond: You know, flat out getting all pissed off about it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What what I liked is that they also said that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: express your vulnerable emotions versus the secondary emotions because typically people tend to express the secondary emotions anger and frustration are secondary emotion.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I think of any time that I've been angry about something. It's a result of something else. There's a cause.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then, the fact is my anger to have everyone frustrated. It's always been something else that really is. It's not like someone just walks up and I'm in the pressures. It's the dog was accountants.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It, you know, I thought that was good because I'm oftentimes if we're not into will miss out on really exploring what what that secondary emotion is really all about.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So How comfortable do you feel and expressing vulnerable emotions. And do you think they know what some of the emotions are
Robert hammond: Currently, I've been doing pretty good actually.
Robert hammond: I already know like
Robert hammond: I'm not really angry because the key or, you know, I have an eight or something.
Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What about frustration. Have you been frustrated lately.
Robert hammond: Yeah, so like right now. I'll be attacked by the dog. Oh.
Robert hammond: I already know he's he's got he's been cooped up over here, tied up to the truck. So
Robert hammond: He's just trying to get
Robert hammond: Get out and play.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Let me share another screen with you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because emotions aren't things that we're all very aware of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know we just pick up the typical happy, sad, angry, but there's various emotions that we experience day to day
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Happens that silliness scared worried surprise.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There are some range of motions. You've been experiencing this week. Yes.
Robert hammond: Recently, when I was talking with the customer.
Robert hammond: Something came up. Where's about my son.
Robert hammond: I just started
Robert hammond: Started missing.
Robert hammond: And I know right away you know cuz I mean I changed my whole attitude and everything.
Robert hammond: Because I didn't want her to be all freaked out.
Robert hammond: So I just knew right away that I was
Robert hammond: Just feeling a little bit depressed.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Get in touch with the phone.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And communicating that not
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Not allowing and and what I liked is that you were aware that your disposition change and rather than saying, well, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No. No questions. All my business and you know you allow yourself to go even further past the I'm aware that my mood is change and probably acting differently to her.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I want to create this emotional safe environment so that I can tell her this is what's going on with me so that she'll understand and not feel that this has anything to do with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That modeling that modeling is key. And it's an important skill in relationships friendships work relationships, romantic relationships.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And even familial relationships. So that's what I would want you to do, you know, moving forward, just really being in tune with the emotion that you're feeling
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And even exploring it more. Is this really good question because we don't want to generalize that, you know, dig deeper is what I'm feeling when it comes to my son, you know, was it
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Worried that you know I may not see them again, you know, was there any shame attached to. Well, I don't have any environment what my son right now. Um,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What what emotion. Do you think it was that you couldn't use depression as a word for what emotion really resonated with you and that one is
Robert hammond: A lot, a lot more of a burden.
And Shane.
Robert hammond: disappointed in myself.
Robert hammond: You know, I feel like I should have done.
Robert hammond: Done a lot more than I did. And
Robert hammond: I just about just about everything.
Robert hammond: Short of what I
Robert hammond: Wanted to do
Robert hammond: That would have been the wrong step.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Itself. Yeah. And that awareness, but now in that, you know, you can say, all right, when I'm feeling away that doesn't appear as happiness. I won't say that it's depression.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know, I'm going to give it more main tool more context to it, what I'm feeling is, you know, some bill so like I should have done more okay analysis to where I am today. Why am today is I'm doing the best that I can. There's a pandemic out there and I still found a way to make income.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Improving the relationship with my father and becoming a better person by expressing my vulnerabilities and I'm feeling so good at my job that I'm getting more referrals.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That allows
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Other thoughts to challenge depression takes over so much emotion labeling it doesn't give you opportunity to challenge. What's really going on with you and also to highlight some of your successes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Just something to think of, you know, the next time you feel bad and not not allowing depression, to be the word that's going to summarize that you're feeling even more contact
Robert hammond: Right, just generalizing
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes, Jim.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's your thoughts about the video we watch and this emotion chart that I shared with you.
Robert hammond: And just make you in tune with like what all I went through like just recently, even just does everything that hit me like I went through like 20 different emotions that I would have just generalized is one thing.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that's that scapegoat. That's that mind that does it want to allow you to connect and be vulnerable. That's what the addiction was masking
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It was saying I want to feel the pressure, Robert. So call us, but now the sober mind is challenging saying this is bigger than you know this is more, this is a little more involved.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And really connecting with yourself to create that emotional safety because like the fair percent in the video, you have to create that emotional safety for yourself first, before you can establish the terms and conditions of what emotional safety will look like for others.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So allow yourself to feel that you know that, hey, I do have some Gil, I do have some shame in regards to that. But then once you feel that challenge it and think of everything that you've accomplished in this moment. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because sometimes these thoughts can he get stuck in your mind, again, you're not allowing yourself to see what's really going on right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You don't want that for you.
Robert hammond: I noticed that I noticed. So I can
Robert hammond: I can easily spiral down. Keep on going.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This is good, this is good. I'm sorry you had to wait. I was it again. My apologies. I didn't know what was going on. But I'm thinking about that. But the next time we meet
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Which will be
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Work for you or six o'clock.
Robert hammond: Can we do six
All right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'll see you Tuesday, May 5 at six o'clock.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, take care.
Bye bye.